# Start IT Java group test 1

### Welcome, young grasshopper!

Today you will create your own start-up business. *(Wait, wasn't this about programming or something?)*

My name is Tom and I will be your personal assistant on this journey.
Like any good story, yours will also require a lot of logical thinking and problem solving skills. Your tools for the job are your brain and the Java programming language. As you encounter problems, think about them in an abstract manner, break them down into steps and sub-problems, and apply the toolset you have acquired over the last 1.5 weeks.

Godspeed!

### Task 1: Grand opening!

It is the first day of your new business. Time to do a grand opening! Sadly the robot that you hired to do meet-and-greet is broken. The main module is missing and it is up to you to write the core functionality and save the opening ceremony.

Create an application that:
- greets the user and asks for their name
- politely echoes the user's name back, and invites them into the opening ceremony

### Task 2: A Visual Update!

The grand opening day is over and went great! While interacting with potential customers, we got a lot of ideas, for example, about a new logo. Supposedly, you can draw pretty spirals by using the Fibonacci sequence as a guide. The Fibonacci sequence is a sequence of numbers where each new number is generated by adding the two previous numbers. The first few Fibonacci numbers are: `1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, .... etc.` To create a really beautiful spiral-logo, the designer needs at least 1000 Fibonacci numbers for reference.

Create an application that:
- prints 1000 Fibonacci numbers

_(if you are curious, after the test you can learn more about the Fibonacci spiral here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fibonacci_number )_

### Task 3: Branding!

Now that we have a hip logo, let's work on our business name. Nowadays all cool brand names are palindromes - words or sentences that read the same from both ends. For example: "level", "step on no pets". We should make our company name palindromic as well, and we should do it quick!

Create an application that:
- prints if your user input is a palindrome or not

#### Examples:
|input|output|
|:-----|:------:|
|`Amazon`|`no`|
|`Amazama`|`yes`|

**Note:** Java is case-sensitive by default, and by default will consider, say, `E` to be different from `e`